A constitution for the running of the Mu project. (#932)
mu-editor/mu: docs/constitution.rst

administrators to effectively monitor and supervise.

* Admin processes for: dev, infrastructure, communication channels.
* Who are currently administrators
* Becoming an admin
* Removal of an admin

Contributing to Mu
------------------

We're delighted for people to report problems, make suggestions and contribute
code. Indeed we encourage it. We'd ask you to follow our development guidelines
and, of course, to be respectful of our time.

It may be that we decide not to adopt some change you've proposed -- or even
coded. Please don't take this personally. Any project, especially one with many
users, has to measure contributions against its design ideals. And sometimes
the two don't match.

Managing Expectations
---------------------

We recognise that Mu is a useful educational tool for individual learners and
also in classrooms and coding club situations. And we're delighted that the
tool we've built helps both beginner programmers and educators as much as it
does.

However, Mu is no-one's full-time job. No-one earns money from developing Mu
and all of us involved offer our time freely as a benefit to the educational

> coding community and those taking thier first steps in programming. The amount

Reviewer: There's a tiny typo here. Adding a second 'to' makes it easier to parse for (non-native speaker) me.

```suggestion
coding community and to those taking their first steps in programming. The amount
```

Mu's Constitution
=================

Our Values
----------

Happily, Mu's users and developers are a diverse and international community

> who maintain a reputation as a friendly, welcoming and dynamic group.

Reviewer 2: Very nitpick: the subject of the verb "maintain" is arguably singular ("a ... community") or arguably plural ("users and developers") so the verb sits awkwardly. Why not just "with a reputation" or "proud of their reputation" or something?

We trust that such collaborators will treat each other in a way that reflects

> the widely help view that diversity and friendliness are strengths of our

Reviewer 2: "widely help" -> "widely held"

community to be celebrated and fostered.

We believe anyone involved in Mu's community has a right to:

> * be treated with courtesy, dignity and respect;

Reviewer 3: Nitpicking: this bullet point ends in a semicolon and all the others in a full stop.

Author: As per convention, all but the final sentence in the bullet points, ends with `;`.

* be free from any form of discrimination, victimisation, harassment or
  bullying.
* enjoy an environment free from unwelcome behaviour, inappropriate language
  and unsuitable imagery.

> To this end, we hope participants in our community abide by the spirit of our

Reviewer 3: We hope or we ask/require?

Author: For me, I don't like require. It's not very friendly. I think we should "ask and hope", thus setting a clear expectation of the sorts of things we want without being bossy. Of course, we explain lower down in the constitution what we may do if folks don't abide by the spirit... which I hope shows we're very serious about this sort of thing. TL;DR - I want to use language that expresses our openness, friendliness and respect of others so folks see we practice what we preach.

Reviewer 3: Completely agree! "Ask and hope" sounds good.

I also like the fact that we are asking to follow the spirit, too many times people try to get away with stuff by "following the letter".

Reviewer 2: The very slight weakness of this phrasing comes from the fact that in most situations in English the subjunctive takes the same form as the indicative. Here, we'd like to highlight our wish for the future / ongoing behaviour of the community, not merely to express a tentative expression about its present behaviour.

Having made that somewhat pretentious assertion, I can't come up with a better wording at present which doesn't start to read like an Act of Parliament!

:doc:`code_of_conduct`.

The Role of Administrators
--------------------------

Contributing to Mu
------------------

> 

Reviewer 2: Strawman suggestion:

We're delighted for people to report problems, make suggestions and contribute code. Indeed we encourage it. We'd ask you to follow our development guidelines and, of course, to be respectful of our time.

It may be that we decide not to adopt some change you've proposed -- or even coded. Please don't take this personally. Any project, especially one with many users, has to measure contributions against its design ideals. And sometimes the two don't match.

Managing Expectations
---------------------

> 

Reviewer 2: Strawman Suggestion here:

We recognise that Mu is a useful everyday tool in classrooms and coding club situations. And we're delighted that the tool we've built helps educators as much as it does.

However, Mu is no-one's full-time job. No-one earns money from developing Mu and all of us involved offer our time freely as a benefit to the educational coding community. The amount of time we can dedicate to Mu is constrained by Real Life.

Typically you'll see some development work on Mu every week or so, and official releases every few months. You can always download the nightly builds or simply run from source: our master branch is always tested with 100% coverage so even the current development version is fairly stable.

> In Case of Problems

Reviewer 4: I feel there is an strong relationship / intersection / overlap with the Code of Conduct, here. Could we fully / partially delegate this section to the CoC, by "linking" to it? Trying to DRY things up. :)

With that in mind:
* Note that Mu's Code of Conduct `./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.rst` says "We expect contributors to follow the Python Software Foundation's Code of Conduct, reproduced below" but the [linked PSF CoC](https://www.python.org/psf/conduct/) has different content from what is reproduced.
* "Problems", as in the section title, is a very complex word. What someone sees and feels as a problem, others might see differently. Maybe that's ok, I'm not sure (thus the relevance of CoCs).

Author: Hmmm.... I'll need to think about this.

I see the constitution and CoC complementing each other.

-------------------

> Problems within any community are inevitable. We hope, if at all possible, that

Reviewer 2: I think "inevitable" is too strong. Maybe just "Problems occur within any community"

folks try to work out their differences with compassion, patience and
forgiveness. However, we understand that sometimes, problems cannot be resolved
in such a way.

In this case please contact the administrators via email: <email TBC>

Any contact will remain confidential, be taken seriously, investigated, and
dealt with sensitively. Mu admins reserve the right to carry out any of the

> following actions relating to community related problems:

Reviewer 2: "relating to ... related" is a bit awkward. Perhaps "concerning community-related problems"
